Update to PR template (#10549)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!-- Please do not remove any information from this pull request. Instead, add N/A or leave blank if not applicable -->

## What

Fixes #

## Why

<!-- Describe the reason for your changes. This will help the reviewer and future readers get additional context -->

> ## Screenshots or screencast

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we should move this section below the "Testing Instructions" section. I've noticed that some PRs include screenshots beneath that section (for example: https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/10342), and it's really helpful when you're the Release Lead and can simply copy and paste the instructions along with the screenshots.

Author: Good suggestion @thealexandrelara ill make that change.

> <!-- Any screenshots of UI changes will be helpful to include here -->

Reviewer 2: I think we can update it to:
```
<!-- Any screenshots of UI changes will be helpful to include here. Use "N/A" if not applicable. -->
```

This will act as a reminder that we can't remove this section as well. What do you think?

Author: I like the prompt reminder. I've updated it to say "Leave blank" if not applicable instead.

| Before | After |
| ------ | ----- |
|        |       |

## Testing Instructions

<!-- Write these steps from the perspective of a "user" (merchant) familiar with WooCommerce. No need to spell out the steps for common setup scenarios (eg. "Create a product"), but do be specific about the thing being tested. Include screenshots demonstrating expectations where that will be helpful. -->

_Please consider any edge cases this change may have, and also other areas of the product this may impact._

1.
2.
3.

* [ ] Do not include in the Testing Notes <!-- Check this box if this PR can't be tested (ie: it makes changes to tests, coding standards, docblocks, etc.). -->
* [ ] Should be tested by the development team exclusively <!-- Check this box if this PR should be tested by the development team exclusively (ie: it doesn't include user-facing changes or it can't be tested without manually modifying the code). -->

## WooCommerce Visibility

> <!-- Check this [this doc](../docs/blocks/feature-flags-and-experimental-interfaces.md) to see if the change is visible in WC core or not (part of the feature plugin or experimental)-->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!-- Check this documentation link (../docs/blocks/feature-flags-and-experimental-interfaces.md) to see if the change is visible in WooCommerce core, part of the feature plugin, or experimental. Use "N/A" if not applicable. -->
```

Author: I've added a checkbox option N/A instead of saying "Use N/A" in the comment.

* [ ] WooCommerce Core
* [ ] Feature plugin
* [ ] Experimental

> ## Checklist

Reviewer 2: I believe it would be beneficial to incorporate a checkbox dedicated to documentation considerations as well. This addition would ensure that if a PR introduces modifications necessitating updates in either user or developer documentation, these changes are appropriately included or, at the very least, tracked for future reference.

What do you think? Feel free to ignore this suggestion if you feel otherwise.

* [ ] This PR has either a `[type]` label or a `[skip-changelog]` label.
* [ ] This PR is assigned to a milestone.
* [ ] This PR adds/removes a feature flag & I've updated [this doc](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/blob/trunk/docs/internal-developers/blocks/feature-flags-and-experimental-interfaces.md).
* [ ] This PR adds/removes an experimental interfaces, and I've updated [this doc](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/blob/trunk/docs/internal-developers/blocks/feature-flags-and-experimental-interfaces.md).
* [ ] This PR has been accessibility tested.

> * [ ] This PR has a changelog description.

Reviewer 2: One suggestion I'd like to propose is regarding the **use of checkboxes** in the template:

Currently, the checkboxes serve multiple purposes – some seem to be absolutely required (like assigning the PR to a milestone or adding a label), while others are conditionally relevant (like updating a feature flag or an experimental interface).

To make the expectations clearer for anyone raising a PR, I suggest we categorize the checkboxes into two distinct sections:

1. **Required Actions**: Checkboxes under this category should represent tasks that are mandatory for every PR. For instance, adding a label, assigning a milestone. This ensures essential steps are not missed.
2. **Conditional Actions**: These checkboxes would apply if the PR involves certain types of changes. For example, updating a feature flag or an experimental interface would fall under this category. If a PR doesn't involve such changes, it's perfectly fine for these boxes to remain unchecked.

Author: You're absolutely right @imanish003 and great suggestion!

## Changelog

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!-- Provide a brief, descriptive summary of the changes in this PR. Include potential impacts on different parts of the product. Example: "Updated the checkout process to streamline the experience for users and reduce the number of steps." -->
```

_Please consider any edge cases this change may have, and also other areas of the product this may impact._

1.
2.
3.

* [ ] Do not include in the Testing Notes <!-- Check this box if this PR can't be tested (ie: it makes changes to tests, coding standards, docblocks, etc.). -->
* [ ] Should be tested by the development team exclusively <!-- Check this box if this PR should be tested by the development team exclusively (ie: it doesn't include user-facing changes or it can't be tested without manually modifying the code). -->

## Screenshots or screencast

<!-- Any screenshots of UI changes will be helpful to include here. Leave blank if not applicable. -->

| Before | After |
| ------ | ----- |
|        |       |

## WooCommerce Visibility

<!-- Check this documentation link (../docs/blocks/feature-flags-and-experimental-interfaces.md) to see if the change is visible in WooCommerce core, part of the feature plugin, or experimental. -->
Required:

* [ ] WooCommerce Core
* [ ] Feature plugin
* [ ] Experimental
* [ ] N/A

## Checklist

Required:
* [ ] This PR has either a `[type]` label or a `[skip-changelog]` label.

> * [ ] This PR is assigned to a milestone.

Reviewer 3: When would this be checked? We don't assign a milestone when opening the PR, but rather when closing it.

Reviewer 2: AFAIU, this checkbox functions as a verification step to ensure that the milestone has been assigned to the pull request (PR) after it has been merged. This precaution is taken due to occasional instances where our [GitHub action job](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/blob/e7daa943738016ce95b2e9f3ff6457929fa5306f/.github/workflows/approved-with-labels.yml#L16) doesn't perform as expected. If my understanding is accurate, maybe we should consider rephrasing this checkbox for clarity. 🤔
